README.md, before:

# Blender Addon: Quick Hard Surface
A Blender addon for a more efficient hard surface modelling workflow.
The following features are currently supported:

1.	Make QHS Object:
This operator is currently located under the object tab and will add a bevel and weighted normal modifier to a selected mesh, as well as shade it smooth, turn on auto smooth and change some settings in the modifiers.

2.	Quick Mirror:
Pressing ctrl + alt + M will bring up a popup with quick mirror options for clipping and the x y and z axes. It also has an option to set the active object as the mirror object on every selected object and thus, mirroring every selected object across the active object in one click.

3.	Add Quad Sphere:
This automates the process used by Josh Grambell, to add in a quad sphere, using a subsurf and a cast modifier. It is located in the mesh add menu and has a settings tab in the bottom left to adjust the resolution.
_______________________________________________________________________________
I am currently developing this addon, so more features will likely be added in the future.

Commit message:

Added description for quick solidify.

README.md, after:

# Blender Addon: Quick Hard Surface
A Blender addon for a more efficient hard surface modelling workflow.
The following features are currently supported:

1.	Make QHS Object:
This operator is currently located under the object tab and will add a bevel and weighted normal modifier to a selected mesh, as well as shade it smooth, turn on auto smooth and change some settings in the modifiers.

2.	Quick Mirror:
Pressing ctrl + alt + M will bring up a popup with quick mirror options for clipping and the x y and z axes. It also has an option to set the active object as the mirror object on every selected object and thus, mirroring every selected object across the active object in one click.

3.	Add Quad Sphere:
This automates the process used by Josh Grambell, to add in a quad sphere, using a subsurf and a cast modifier. It is located in the mesh add menu and has a settings tab in the bottom left to adjust the resolution.

4. Quick Solidify:
Pressing ctrl + alt + s will add a solidify modifier, and enable the user to change the thickness by moving the cursor up and down. This can be confirmed by pressing left mouse button, or canceled by pressing right mouse button or escape.

_______________________________________________________________________________
I am currently developing this addon, so more features will likely be added in the future.
